# Meeting Minutes â€“ October 18, 2024

## Attendees:
- Jay Dalool
- Josh Wolowich
- Kin tat Ho
- Hridai Mehta
- Ron Arvin Cruz
- Adrian Moreira

---

## Agenda:
1. Update on front-end and back-end tasks.
2. Role assignment and task distribution.
3. Discussion on server hosting.
4. Clarifications on tech stack and iteration plans.
5. Database management and testing issues.

---

## Key Points:

### Task Updates:
- **Kin**: Created a package for front-end to back-end connections using Dart, not Flutter. Plans to work on database tasks related to the back end.
- **Hridai Mehta**: Focused on attrition work after completing midterms. Will finish the remaining tasks by the next day.
- **Jay Dalool**: Working on hosting the server, with confirmation expected by midnight due to time zone differences. Will proceed with setting up within a day or two. Will focus on front-end tasks.
- **Josh Wolowich**: Open to working on either back-end or front-end (React). Willing to adjust based on team needs.
- **Ron Arvin Cruz**: Offered to handle React if necessary. Also expressed interest in contributing to back-end tasks.

### Role Assignments:
- **Hridai**: Will continue working on back-end for the first iteration, including tasks like comments and voting implementation.
- **Josh**: Primarily focused on React for the current sprint but is flexible to shift to back-end if required.
- **Kin**: Will take on Flutter and assist with database management.
- **Ron and Adrian**: Will focus on React for the web front-end.

### Server Hosting:
- Jay is awaiting confirmation on whether the server can be hosted on one of their available servers. Expected update by midnight.

### Tech Stack Clarification:
- **Front-End**: The team discussed using React for the web interface.
- **Back-End**: Distributed tasks related to database management, comments, and voting features. Kim will manage the database aspects, while Adrian will assist with the server setup.

### Database and Testing:
- Kin mentioned some failing tests, likely due to issues in the main branch. They plan to resolve these during the upcoming sprint.
- Adrian proposed creating a new branch for Sprint 2 to keep the codebase organized.

### Next Steps:
- The team will create issues in the project management tool to track their individual tasks.
- Front-end to back-end communication (e.g., WebRTC) was highlighted as a priority to ensure smooth interactions.
- The next iteration is due on **November 1, 2024**.

### Testing:
- The team discussed handling read/write access permissions on the back end. There was clarification on how user IDs and permissions will be checked both on the front end and back end.

---

## Conclusion:
- **Next Meeting**: Scheduled for Monday, Wednesday, and Friday to keep track of ongoing progress.
- **Key Tasks for Next Iteration**: Focus on completing comments, voting features, and ensuring proper database functionality.
